
STORYLINE:
We are financial advisors. we have a client who is interested in investing in banks. So we went out there and took a snapshot of
the banks (we dropped a bank because there is no data for it). Now we are looking at price to earnings, earnings per share, and
average volume.

PRESENTATION OVERVIEW:
We obtained a financial snapshot of 51 banks trading on the stock exchange. The dataset includes market information
such as average volume trading, market capitalization, earnings per share, and other stock related statistics. We have
another dataset that is time series data. These datasets 100 days of stock information for the 51 banks. This datasets
includes the opening, closing, high and low price for each day.

Our plan is to first understand our snaptshot dataset by doing some exploratory data analysis. Once we have a better
understanding of the distribution of a few key variables, we will then ask a number of questions that can be answered
with hypothesis testing. If and when we find something significant, we will then take a look at the detailed time-series
datasets and try to understand what is going on with the individual banks.

First experiment with snapshot data and first see if there are any stocks that had significantly different volume to
market capitalization, or per ratio, or eps. To establish the fact that they are statistically different, we thought we could
use sample mean t-test. If we find something different then we thought we are going to zoom into historical trade data for
intraday.

TIMELINE:
Wednesday @ early morning - Done w. Coding
Wednesday @ 3:30 - Group Presentation
Wednesday @ 5:30 - Science Fair

DELIVERABLES:
- Jupyter Notebook containing any code you've written for this project.
- "Executive Summary" PowerPoint Presentation that explains the hypothesis tests you ran, your findings, and
their relevance to company stakeholders.
- ReadMe write-up for Github Repo

---------------------------------------------------------

Statistical Analysis: List of Hypothesis Tests on Learn.co:
1. T-Tests
2. chi-squared test (Misha)
3. ANOVA (Dmitry)
4. re-sampling method

---------------------------------------------------------

POSSIBLE QUESTIONS:

Looking at two measures of investment attractiveness. (pe and eps)

- divide dataset by 50% into big cap and small cap. We can compare big cap vs small cap.

1. Price to earnings  - split by market cap (independent sample t-test)
2. Earnings per shares - split by market cap
3. volume/ market capitalization @ 2 different times (a paired t-test)
4. Checking if one bank is very very


Intraday variance as difference between high and low (stock)
2. Is there a bank out there whose daily volume is significantly different from everyone else (most
popularly traded banks). Average 10 day volume/ market cap. For this we could do a T test and ANOVA.


---------------------------------------------------------

EXAMPLE QUESTIONS:
- Is the underlying mean return on this mutual fund different from the underlying mean return on its benchmark?
- Did the volatility of returns on this stock change after the stock was added to a stock market index?
- Are a security’s bid-ask spreads related to the number of dealers making a market in the security?
- Do data from a national bond market support a prediction of an economic theory about the term structure of
interest rates (the relationship between yield and maturity)?
- TTM:  Earnings per share should be approximately the same across banks (this is the hypothesis). We can
do this by testing the different
- EPS against the mean value of the banks. (New column would need to be created "TTM Earnings"

Source: https://financetrain.com/what-is-hypothesis-testing/
